# Folder structure

```
📦src
 ┣ 📂app
 ┃ ┣ 📂modules
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂module-name
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂_common
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂components
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┗ 📂...
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂page-name
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂components
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂private-component-name
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📜component-name.component.tsx
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📜component-name.template.tsx
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┗ 📂...other-private-component
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📜page-name.component.tsx
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┃ ┣ 📜page-name.template.tsx
 ┃ ┃ ┃ ┗ 📜routes.tsx
 ┃ ┃ ┗ 📜routes.tsx
 ┃ ┃ 📂const
 ┃ ┃ 📂hooks
 ┃ ┃ 📂services
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂auth
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂date
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂http
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂redux
 ┃ ┃ ┗ 📂route
 ┃ ┣ 📂stores
 ┃ ┗ 📂types
 ┣ 📂soumu
 ┃ ┣ 📂blocks
 ┃ ┣ 📂parts
 ┃ ┗ 📂utils
 ┣ 📂stories
 ┃ ┣ 📂app
 ┃ ┗ 📂soumu
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂blocks
 ┃ ┃ ┣ 📂parts
 ┃ ┃ ┗ 📂ui
 ┣ 📂styles
 ┃ ┣ 📂blocks
 ┃ ┣ 📂foundation
 ┃ ┣ 📂helper
 ┃ ┣ 📂parts
 ┃ ┣ 📂templates
 ┃ ┣ 📂ui
 ┃ ┗ 📜main.scss
 ┗ 📜index.tsx
```

## 1. App
### 1.1. Modules
Includes many modules, each module is divided into pages

### 1.1.1. _common
`_common` folder is a special folder used to share common code **inside a module**. This folder may contain components, services, ...

### 1.1.2. pages
Other folders is used to create page
(For more information about page, please read C.2 <=> `C.How-to wiki/2. Create page.md`).

### 1.2. Others
- api: contain code that call API(web service), read C.5.
- const: contain files that have responsibility to define common constants.
- hooks: _May be moved to `services` folder later._
- services: include common utility function/class.
    * auth: include services relate to authen, author, ...
    * date: include service relate to date such as convert normal date into japanese date(2022年（令和4年）4月 1日).
    * dom:
    * http: include services relate to http: send http request, handle error request, ...
    * master-data: service that is used to get system config, read C.10.
    * modal: service that is used to open/close modal, read C.8.
    * redux: include services such as init store, add async reducer, ...
    * route: include service that handle route: match route, middleware, ...
- stores: contain global (feature) store(C.6.2).

## 2. Soumu
This folder contain common **component**. You can consider this folder as 3rd library that provide common component.

### 2.1. Parts
Include atomic components(smallest) such as button, checkbox, radio, ....

### 2.2. Blocks
Include component that is more complex than `parts`. Usually, it will contain many `parts`.

### 2.3. Utils
`utils` responsibility is used to *support* instead of rendering content.

VD: LazyComponent is used to execute promise before rendering component.

## 3. Stories
Contain scripts for storybook.

## 4. Styles
Contain style(css). Read C.3 for more information.